Introduce FlatCacheEntryCoder (#21)
Shopify/paquito: README.md

ActiveSupport::Cache::FileStore.new("tmp/cache", coder: Paquito.chain(Paquito::CacheEntryCoder, JSON))
```

### `FlatCacheEntryCoder`

`Paquito::FlatCacheEntryCoder` is a variation of `Paquito::CacheEntryCoder`. Instead of encoding `ActiveSupport::Cache::Entry`

> into an Array of three members, it serialize the entry metadata itself and add it as a prefix to the serialized payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into an Array of three members, it serializes the entry metadata itself and adds it as a prefix to the serialized payload.
```
